#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_dev.in
#
aioredis==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   channels-redis
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
amqp==5.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   kombu
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
asgiref==3.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
    #   django
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aioredis
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   automat
    #   pytest
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==21.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   daphne
automat==20.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
black==21.5b2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   kombu
celery==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-results
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.3.0
    # via pre-commit
channels-redis==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
channels==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   channels-redis
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click-didyoumean==0.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-logging==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   spoonbill
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-logging
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
    #   spoonbill
constantly==15.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
coverage[toml]==5.5
    # via
    #   coveralls
    #   pytest-cov
coveralls==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   autobahn
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
daphne==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   channels
distlib==0.3.1
    # via virtualenv
django-celery-beat==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-celery-results==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-cors-headers==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-timezone-field==4.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
django-transfer==0.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
django==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   channels
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-nested-routers
docopt==0.6.2
    # via coveralls
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
drf-nested-routers==0.93.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
filelock==3.0.12
    # via virtualenv
flake8==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
flatten-dict==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   spoonbill
gitdb==4.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   transifex-client
greenlet==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
hiredis==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aioredis
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
identify==2.2.6
    # via pre-commit
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
ijson==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ocdskit
    #   spoonbill
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flake8
    #   kombu
    #   markdown
    #   pep517
    #   pluggy
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytest
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   virtualenv
incremental==21.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
isort==5.8.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-cache
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
json-merge-patch==0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
jsonpointer==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   spoonbill
jsonref==0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
    #   ocdskit
    #   ocdsmerge
    #   spoonbill
kombu==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
markdown==3.3.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   channels-redis
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nodeenv==1.6.0
    # via pre-commit
ocdsextensionregistry==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ocdskit
    #   spoonbill
ocdskit==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   spoonbill
ocdsmerge==0.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ocdskit
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pathspec==0.8.1
    # via black
pep517==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
pip-tools==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
pre-commit==2.13.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   service-identity
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   packaging
pytest-asyncio==0.15.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-cov==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-django==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-env==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-mock==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest==6.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-mock
python-crontab==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-crontab
python-json-logger==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   transifex-client
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-timezone-field
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pre-commit
redis==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
regex==2021.4.4
    # via black
requests-cache==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coveralls
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
    #   ocdsmerge
    #   requests-cache
    #   sphinx
    #   spoonbill
    #   transifex-client
sentry-sdk==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
service-identity==21.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   automat
    #   click-repl
    #   django-transfer
    #   flatten-dict
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   service-identity
    #   transifex-client
    #   url-normalize
    #   virtualenv
smmap==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinx-rtd-theme==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
sphinx==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sphinx
spoonbill==1.0.6b6
    # via -r requirements.txt
sqlalchemy==1.4.15
    # via -r requirements.txt
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   pep517
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytest
transifex-client==0.14.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
twisted[tls]==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   daphne
txaio==21.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   autobahn
typed-ast==1.4.3
    # via black
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   black
    #   gitpython
    #   importlib-metadata
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-cache
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   transifex-client
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.4.7
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
xlsxwriter==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   spoonbill
zipp==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   pep517
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
